Welcome back.
In this lesson, we are going to look to creating and it's working environment and we will understand
the architecture need of the cafe and we will see how we can connect multiple networking environment
to the Internet and how we can secure our network.
We will learn how to design a network in each of us and build a VPC with subnets.
And you will also learn how to connect in instances in your public and private subnet to the Internet.
The cafe business has been steadily increasing.
Sophia and Nicole have become friends with a few of the cafe regulars who are A.W. as consultants,
and they have started to discuss the cafe current architecture.
Olivia, one of the regulars and an Ideal Solutions architect, identified a need for the cafe's online
business to scale.
Scaling would require additional services to run the online ordering application, but the current subnets
size is too small and cannot support this growth.
Therefore, they will need to recreate some aspects of the network that the application runs in.
On further review of the cafe's architecture, Olivia also noticed a vulnerability.
The support that used to administer the application server is accessible to the Internet.
Sophia explained that she and Nicole must be able to manage and maintain the server.
Olivia advises them to set up a bastion house to reduce public access to the server and to make it more
secure.
In this lesson, we will understand how to create the best in host and we will use it to access our
private EC2 instances in our private subnet.
Now let us look to creating an easy networking environment.
Amazon VPC property in a logically isolated section of the A.W. as a cloud where you can lunch, ideally
as three sources in a virtual network that you define Amazon VPC gives you control over your virtual
networking resources.
You can select your own IP address range, create subnets and configure for our tables and network gateways.
You can use both IPV four and IPV six in your VPC for securing access to resources and application.
You can also customize the network configuration for your VPC.
For example, you can create a public subnet for Europe servers that can access the public Internet.
You can place your back in systems such as databases or application servers in a private subnet with
no public internet access.
You can use multiple layers of security to help control access to Amazon EC2 instances in each subnet.
These security layers include security groups and network access control list, which we will understand
in more details in this particular lesson.
AVC Normally is associated with a single region.
This means that the BBC cannot span multiple regions.
However, ABC expands multiple availability zone in a single region so it can host supported resources
from any availability zone within the same region.
When you create of ABC, you provide a set of private IP addresses that you want in instances in your
VPC to use.
You specify this set of addresses as a I the roadblock, or I can ask this entire domain routing.
So for example, if you given the IP address ten 0.0.0 slash 16, this is the primary IP Arab block
of your VPC.
This means you can assign a block size of slash of 28, which is the smallest two block size in Amazon
VCs and the largest one is slash 16.
Also Amazon VPC support AB four and IPV six and has different C IDR block size limits for each all VB
CS and subnets must have an IP before see, idea or block.
You can change this IP after the creation of your VPC.
Amazon VPC can operate in a dual stack and your resources can communicate over IP before or IPV six
or even using both IP protocols.
The IPV for and IPV six addresses are independent of each other, so you must configure routing and
security in your VPC separately for IPV four and IPV six, you can divide the ABC into one or more subnet.
A subnet is a logical segment or a portion of your VPC IP address range where you can allocate a group
of resources.
And it is.
Important to remember that a subnet are not isolation boundaries around your application.
Instead, they are containers for routing policies which you will learn about in the next section.
When you create a subnets, you specify AC, IP or a block of the subnet, which is a subnet of the
VPC.
See the other block?
Now remember a subnet c IDR block cannot overlap.
Each subnet must reside entirely within one availability zone.
So each subnet should be associated with a single availability zone.
No, the same ability zone can have one or more subnet.
You can optionally add subnets in a local zone when you create a subnet in a local zone.
The VPC is also extended to the local zone because VPC subnets on a map to a specific ability zone.
Sovereignty placement is one way to ensure that your Amazon Echo instances are distributed across multiple
location or they are multi azeez deployed AWB Reserve, the first four IP addresses and the last IP
addresses in each subnets.
The idea are block.
So for example, in a subnet with AC, they are a block in the 0.0.0 slash 24 eight was reserved five
IP addresses.
The first one, which is the standard 02020, which is the network address.
And we know this from the classical networking in a local area network that we always need to preserve
the broadcast address, which is ten 0.0.255 and then its work address, which is standard 0.0.0.
Now we need to also reserve the ten 0.0.1, which is the first IP in the subnet.
And this is for local routing, which is the destination you configure when all these C2 in the same
VPC in different subnets, they want to communicate.
Also, we reserved ten 0202 to the DNS because every time you create an easy to inside the subnet,
it will get a public DNS and private DNS.
So we need a domain name system operate in that VPC.
And the last one is ten 0.0.3, which you use normally for future use.
When you configure any computer network, you need to consider the universal networking design.
The principal create one subnet availability zone for each group of hosts that have a unique routing
requirement or 80, or maybe classify them based on the services that you have, for example, frontend,
backend and so on.
Divide your VPC network range evenly across all availability zone in a single region.
Do not allocate all network addresses at once and maybe create a size for your VPC that can accommodate
a significant growth for the future.
Ensure that your VPC need to arrange does not overlap with your organization.
Other private network address is specifically when you have a hybrid cloud and you have an on a premises
datacenter where you have some of the private IP is used and they want to communicate with resources
in the cloud.
When you design and create your networking, there are a limited number of use cases where a single
VPC might be appropriate.
For example, when you have a small single applications managed by a small team, when you are looking
for high performance computing or a single VPC environment that has lower latency than one is spread
across multiple VPC.
When you are dealing with identity management impediment, a single VPC might provide best practices
for most use cases.
A multi VPC environment is required.
You can create a multi VPC that within the same region or in different regions, and you can also create
multiple BBC IDs in the same EWR account or in a different account in the multi VPC pattern.
It's more suited when you have a single team or organization that maintains full control over the provisioning
and the management of all resources in each application environment.
For example, you have a team looking for production, a team looking for testing and a team looking
for them.
You can also create multiple VPC is in the same address account or in a different multiple accounts.
Now this is normally referred to as the multiple account veterans, which are more suited for enterprise,
customer or organization that they have multiple team split.
You know, you consider an enterprise, a global company where they have, for example, a team in Ireland,
a team in India and a team in the United States.
And.
Each of those teams, any kind of central control over their networking resources, and they want to
have the full access as well with no limitation in their access.
Be aware that Amazon BBC codes is five, BBC is per region and this is normally an exam in question.
Now how we can connect your area of US networking environment to the Internet?
The first services that you need is the Internet gateway, which can allow you a communication between
the resources in your VPC and in the internet.
Internet gateways are horizontally ski redundant and highly available by default.
They provide you with a target that you can use in your routing table, and once you connect a subject
to that target in that table, that subnet will be considered as a public subnet.
When you use an out table, you can associate it with a subnet that you want to connect to the Internet.
And our table normally contains a set of rules.
All these rules are called routes.
Each trout are basically used to control how the network traffic should be routed between your subnet
and that targets in general.
The main road table is created by the creation of the BBC wizard and it's only contains a single local
route which can enable the communication between all your resources inside your VPC.
You cannot modify the local route at our table.
This is another example.
Question When you launch an instance in the VPC, the look around automatically covers that instance.
You don't need to add.
Then you add distance to our table.
You can create additional custom route tables for your VPC and we will see later on you might create
multiple tables for each of these own to guarantee multi easy deployment and high level of availability.
Each subnet in your VPC must be associated with at our table, which controls that outing of the subnet.
If you don't explicitly associate a subnet with a particular table, the subnet is implicitly associated
with and uses them in our table, a subject that can be associated with only one table at a time.
But you can associate multiple subnets with the same table.
You can create your custom tables for each subnet to enable granular routing for a destination.
And as I said, a multi AC deployment where you want the round table to use multi internet gateways
in each of these zone to send non-local traffic through the internet.
Gateway, you must add, are out with a destination 000060 and the target of the traffic will be the
Internet Gateway IED.
You must also make sure that your instances have either public IP or elastic IP address and inactive
IP address is a static and a public IPV four address that is designed for dynamic cloud computing.
You can associate that the elastic IP address with any instance or elastic network interface for any
VPC in your account.
With an elastic IP address, you can mask the failure of an instance by rapidly remapping the addresses
to another instances in your privacy.
Associating the elastic IP address with the network interface has an advantage over associating it directly
with the instances.
You can move all of the attributes of the network interface from one instance to another in a single
step.
To connect your private resources that resides in a private subnet, you need to use any work addresses,
translation or net gateway, and as Gateway enables instances in a private subnet to connect to the
Internet or to other EWR services, it will also prevent any user from the Internet to access those
private resources in your private subnet directly.
To create an art gateway, you must specify a public subnet because the gateway has two interfaces one
interface in the public subnet, and the other interface will be placed on the private subnet.
You must also specify an elastic IP address to associate it within that gateway.
Once you create that gateway, you must update that out table.
Specifically, what we normally refer to as your private allowed table to associate that traffic with
a target message.
We are ready for any IP like 0.0.0.0 in instances in your private subnet can communicate with the internet
once you have figured that out there.
But this is where you give you an outbound connection from your private resources in the private subnet
to the internet.
But it won't and no any user in the internet to have an inbound communication they.
With your private subnet.
However, the resources that you have in a public subnet will be able to communicate with you with a
private resources in your private subnet using the target local.
Try to think whether we should place the in instances in those layers in a public or private subnet.
If you look to datastore instances, you must likely put them in a private subnet to add an extra layer
of security for batch processing.
In instances, they are also more suited for private subnet back in instances also for private subnet
and application instances.
Most likely they will be used in public or private subnet depending on your set.
If you have a application running behind a load balancer, then you must put them in private to understand
the best in host.
Consider this scenario you want to have an access to the EC2 instances that the resides in the private
subnet in order to achieve that.
You can create a bastion host and you please the machine host in a public subnet.
So if you want to allow a connection from an extended network or from your PC to those Linux instances
in a private subnet of your VPC via a secure shell or access it, you can use our Bastion host to mitigate
the risk of allowing these extending a search connection to the instances in the private subnet.
Amazon host typically runs on an easy too in a sense in a public subnet of your VPC.
As you can see in this example, the Linux instances in the private subnet are in a security group that
allows such access from the security group attached to the version host placed on the public subnet.
In this case, Bash and host users connect to the bash in hall so they can connect to the Linux instances.
Though you can adopt this architecture to meet your own requirements.
The bash and host should be the only source of associated traffic to your instances.
Now let us look how we can create a virtual private cloud in Amazon VPC.